A teacher at heart, leader by default seeking a full-time web development position with a dynamic progressive company. Driven by personal growth and the success of those around me. 


Technical Skills
Node
	MySQL
	Agile
	Firebase
	OOP
	Heroku
	Chrome Dev Tools
	Express
	CSS3
	CLI
	Bootstrap
	NPM
	Handlebars
	

	MongoDB
	HTML5
	API
	REST
	MVC
	Javascript
	

	React
	JSON
	AJAX
	jQuery
	GIT
	Github pages
	

	

Applications Built
SoundStock.io | https://soundstock.io 
Creator/Founder
• Social site that merges crowdfunding with stock acquisition, in the form of shared royalties
• MongoDB, Express, Node, React, Bootstrap


Project Fitness | https://young-hamlet-41284.herokuapp.com/ 
Front-End Developer
• Fitness app that allows users to create workouts and track progress 
• Responsible for front-end and user authentication in a team of 4


Experience
Assistant Manager - Responsible for the development of team members.
QuikTrip Charlotte, NC   July 2014 - March 2018
• Executed strategies to improve inventory control via replenishment ordering and loss prevention.
• 90th percentile company wide for sales and controllable profit.
• Selected to participate in peer resource program to develop training programs/ in store processes.


Store Manager/Opener - Set initial staffing and replenishment needs for new stores.
Family Dollar Atlanta, GA Nov 2010 – Dec 2012
• Supervise, train and develop store team members to fulfill operating standards
• Produced 1.09% shrink, nearly 2 percentage points under goal. Promoted 6 asst to management.


Production Assistant
Turner/Kwokman Atlanta, GA Nov 2008 - 2013 (Intermittent)
• Produced live half-time spot showcasing Lady Vols basketball
• Production Crew for “Sunday Best” & “Chicago Fire”
Education
University of North Carolina, Charlotte
Full Stack web development Certification
Training program designed for adults who wish to gain proficiency in the theory and application of web development. 
	

University of Tennessee, Knoxville
BS Communication
Journalism and electronic media-visual communication


University of Nicosia, Cyprus
Documentary Film Study